hospitals
schools and refugee
camps all night I've been removing
bodies from beneath the rubble dead
children we pulled them from Three
locations the forc displacement of
people their water electricity and fuel
cut
off Israeli forces have left nothing
untouched and no one in Gaza
unaffected women and children killed
entire fames wiped
out the former director of the UN Human
Rights office in New York resigned over
the organization's failure to stop what
is taking place in Gaza I feel quite
confident as a human rights lawyer in
saying that what I see unfolding in Gaza
and Beyond uh is
genocide what's unfolded are massacres
carried out
daily the alahi Baptist hospital was
bombed killed nearly 500 people
entire families were killed in repeated
attacks on the jabalia refugee
camp the Alura School run by the United
Nations also
struck to my mind a genocide is already
happening when the Israeli government
ordered the
evacuation of Northern Gaza uh it was
committing genocide as of that moment
Israel's intentions have been clear from
the beginning and and Ma
and what Israel has said what its
leaders have said from the top down from
the Prime Minister down is more the
eradication of Gaza using genocidal
language that language has been
translated into action by the Israeli
military inflicting mass destruction and
targeting the people of
Palestine a genocide broadcast to the
world in real
time a SB Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer